Add documentation for GraphQL security and GraphQL armor (#1615)
strapi/documentation: docusaurus/docs/dev-docs/plugins/graphql.md

Replace `<TOKEN>` with your API token generated in the Strapi Admin panel.
:::

## Security

> As GraphQL is a query language, it allows users to use a wider pannel of inputs than traditional REST APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As GraphQL is a query language, it allows users to use a wider panel of inputs than traditional REST APIs.
```

Due to this feature, GraphQL APIs are inherently prone to various security risks, but they can be reduced by taking appropriate precautions.
Neglecting them can expose the API to vulnerabilities like credential leakage or denial of service attacks.

### Disable introspection and playground in production

In production, it is recommended to disable the GraphQL Playground and the introspection query.
If you havent edited the [configuration file](/dev-docs/configurations/plugins#graphql-configuration), it must be already disabled.

### Limit max depth and complexity

> The depth limit is the maximum number of nested fields that can be queried in a single request.
> During your test and depending on your use case, you can set the `depthLimit` option to a higher value.
> 
> But a malicious user could send a query with a very high depth, which could your server to stop responding or crash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A malicious user could send a query with a very high depth, which could your server to stop responding or crash. Therefore, a depth limit can be set to limit the maximum number of nested fields that can be queried in a single request.

Depending on your use case, such as during testing and development, you can set the `depthLimit` option to a higher value.
```

Review the [configuration file](/dev-docs/configurations/plugins#graphql-configuration) to set this options.

### Install graphql armor

[Graphql armor](https://github.com/Escape-Technologies/graphql-armor) is a GraphQL middleware that protects your GraphQL API from malicious queries.

> Installing it is simple and it prevent the most common attacks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installing it is simple and prevents the most common attacks.
```

Reviewer 2: Plus, per our [12 rules of technical writing - rule #6](https://handbook.strapi.io/user-success-manual/12-rules-of-technical-writing), we should never assume something is easy or difficult. It all depends on the user's experience.

> Here is a configuration example to protect your GraphQL API :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example configuration to protect your GraphQL API :
```

```js
const armor = require('@escape.tech/graphql-armor');
// GraphQL Armor installed via :
//   npm install @escape.tech/graphql-armor

const ApolloArmor = new armor.ApolloArmor();
module.exports = {
  graphql: {
    config: {
      apolloServer: {
        introspection: false,     // <-- your custom config

>         ...ApolloArmor.protect()  // <-- add armor protection

Author: Done

      },
    },
  },
};
```

> Read more about graphql armor on the [dev documentation of armor](https://escape.tech/graphql-armor/docs/getting-started).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read more about GraphQL Armor in their [dev documentation](https://escape.tech/graphql-armor/docs/getting-started).
```

### Continuous security testing

One of the best way to stop wondering about security for your API is to be able to scan it each time you deploy it into
staging or production environments. As you run your unit tests in your CI/CD pipeline, you can bullet-proof your GraphQL
application before it even reaches a production environment.

#### graphql.security

[graphql.security](https://graphql.security/) is a free, quick graphql security testing tool, allowing you to quickly assess the most common vulnerabilities in your application.

#### Escape

> [Escape](https://escape.tech/) is a GraphQL security SaaS platform running an automated pentest tool.
> 
> You can effortlessly incorporate this platform into your current CI/CD pipeline such as Github Actions or Gitlab CIs
> which makes it convenient to set up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Escape](https://escape.tech/) is a GraphQL security SaaS platform running an automated pentest tool that can be incorporated into your CI/CD pipeline such as Github Actions or Gitlab CIs
```

:::

## Security

As GraphQL is a query language, it allows users to use a wider panel of inputs than traditional REST APIs.

Due to this feature, GraphQL APIs are inherently prone to various security risks, but they can be reduced by taking appropriate precautions.
Neglecting them can expose the API to vulnerabilities like credential leakage or denial of service attacks.

### Disable introspection and playground in production

In production, it is recommended to disable the GraphQL Playground and the introspection query.
If you haven't edited the [configuration file](/dev-docs/configurations/plugins#graphql-configuration), it is already disabled in production by default.

### Limit max depth and complexity

A malicious user could send a query with a very high depth, which could overload your server. Therefore, a depth limit can be set to limit the maximum number of nested fields that can be queried in a single request.

Depending on your use case, such as during testing and development, you can set the `depthLimit` option to a higher value.

Review the [configuration file](/dev-docs/configurations/plugins#graphql-configuration) to set this options.

> ### Install graphql armor

Reviewer 2: :::tip
To increase GraphQL security even further, 3rd-party tools can be used. See the guide about [using GraphQL Armor with Strapi on the forum](https://forum.strapi.io/t/use-graphql-armor-with-strapi/).
:::
